Scope role grants (#913)
hashicorp/boundary: CHANGELOG.md

* controller/worker: Require names to be all lowercase. This removes ambiguity
  or accidental mismatching when using upcoming filtering features.
* api/cli: Due to visibility changes on collection listing, a list
  will not include any resources if the user only has `list` as an authorized action.
  As a result `scope list`, which is used by the UI to populate the login scope dropdown, 

>   will be empty if the `u_anon` role grant does not include a `read` action 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  will be empty if the role granting the `u_anon` user `list` privileges is not updated to also contain a `read` action
```
